GOAL/ Business Questions:
Our main business question is generally: How can we improve productivity within Scotland and the UK overall? 

3 MVPs are set up to answer our business questions:

• Which industries are lagging behind in terms of productivity and how could they catch up? 
• What factors can be improved to increase employee and/or business productivity across UK regions? 
• Can we predict overall UK productivity rates?

What is Productivity:
Productivity is commonly defined as a ratio between the output volume and the volume of inputs. 
It measures how efficiently production inputs, such as labour and capital, are being used in an economy to 
produce a given level of output. 


1. UK Insight
- High level productivity UK against the world ... reason for this project
- GDP against the world
- Growth rate

Using France as a comparsion as t
Population in France 67.39 mil, UK - 67.22

2. Indsutries that is laggin behind
- Compare with France and find out what factors are invovled.


3. ... within the laggin behind industry, what are the factors to increase productivity
 Focus on Labour Productivity -- Using GVA
- Tech
- Mental Health
- Umemployment rate
- Average wage and minimum wage
- GDP
- Education level



Productivity:
- GDP Per hour worked
- Skills and qualifications of workers (education)
- Temp/part-time/full-time employment
- Morale of workers
- Technologies advancement
- technological progress.


OECD - Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development

Graphs
G7 - UK - Other G7 countries
UK Productivity Time Series Forcast
UK look into producutivity in different regions / divisions



Impact of changing average Wages vs changing minimum wages

Education level over/well-matched/under qualify for their job.
*OECD_quality_of_human_capital

Preminarly Step:
1. Research
2. Look into Data
3. Define KPI
4. Clean Data
5. Wrangle Data / Explorlatory Analysis
6. Stat-Analysis
7. Predictive Model


Challenges:
Select Datasets
Data inconsistency (Year, currency, reference point etc...)
Technical Acryonoms
Methodologies applied to productivity

Original Source:
The original dataset was donated by Deloitte, extracted from Equifax Ignite Direct data platform. ... https://www.equifax.co.uk/
Additional Data source:
OECD.stat ... https://stats.oecd.org/
National Statistics... https://www.ons.gov.uk/


A	Agriculture, forestry and fishing
B-F	Industry (except construction)
G-I	Wholesale and retail trade, transport, accommodation and food service activities
J	Information and communication
K	Financial and insurance activities
M-N	Professional, scientific and technical activities; administrative and support service activities
O-Q	Public administration, defence, education, human health and social work activities
R-U	Arts, entertainment and recreation; other service activities

