10 sample bikes

Aim: How it can provide actionable insights to the business for NYC Citi Bike
How it is relates to key performance indicators (Overall objective is to increase bike hires)
description and interpretation of each plot to explain the context and insights.

What is the pattern of bike hires over time (e.g. within a year, month, week, or day)? DONE
Do bike hire patterns differ between bike rider demographics? (e.g. gender, type of trip, age)? DONE
Any other insights?



General Graph showing trending per year, and per month
Line graph showing trending per year
Bar Graph showing trending per month

Subscriber vs Customer (trip duration) Male & Female


Bike usage Monday - Friday

Catagory bike trip into different catagories (Short, Medium, Long)

Spider graph showing 
Cycle to work or 

age range vs hire vs duration


Product:
Over 1000 Stations
19'000 bikes acr

Normal Bike
first 45 mins is free for Annual Members, 
first 30 mins is free for Day pass, 3 day pass users

Ebike
extra $0.18/min

Point system:
Find a 

Annual Membership $15.00/month or ($179 per year annual payment)
Single Ride $3.50 / 30 mins
Day Pass - $15 /day

Extra $4 each additional 15 mins, alternatively, can park biks each 30 mins


Promotion :
Seasonal discount:-> 
discount during low hiring period (per season or per hours (tourist))
group hiring discount at hostel spot (cycling tour promotion)

To make it more convienient for the current user
cashback when return bike to designated area to aviod fully parked parking space
apptrace to tell user the capacity of the station

Ride a Bike in cold days will provide additional points
Ride a bike to coffee shops for a discounted coffee



1 Introduction

1.1 The Plan --DONE--
1.2 Business Requirements --DONE--

2. The Company --DONE--
2.1 An Overview
2.2 Key Performance Indicator (KPI) --DONE--
2.2.1 Bike Angels  --DONE--


3. The Dataset
3.1 Business Flow Chart
- how company collect and form dataset

4. Analysis
4.1 Data Overview
- Dataset description
- Bike samples count and location

4.1.1 Gender Ratio & User Type
- unbiassss analysis, less targeting more general assumptions

4.2 Rental Duration
4.2.1 Overview
4.2.2 User Type vs. Rental Duration

4.3 Bike Hire Count
4.3.1 Overview
4.3.2 User Type vs. Bike Hiring Count

4.4 Additional Insights
4.4.1 Average Bike Hire Count vs Temperature Range
4.4.2 Recommandation

5. Conclusion



mindset towards self progression and leanrin,
cover letter to show what you could bnring to the company 
dont be afraid to say what you dont know

transferable skills:
problem solving
handle challenges
adapbilty
push themsleve outside comfort zone

instructment the code (know the code behavour and how it works)
